LICENSING AND COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
===================================

The following information is subject to change. For the most up to date
information about the Sahana Software Foundation's licenses and agreements,
please visit
http://wiki.sahanafoundation.org/doku.php/foundation:start#licenses_and_agreements


DISTRIBUTION
============
Sahana Agasti is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL).
For detailed information please refer to http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.txt


CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT
=============================
The Sahana Software Foundation (SSF) requires a Contributor License Agreement
(CLA) to be signed and returned by all Members, PMC members and Committers and
requests them of anyone contributing their intellectual property (code or design
requirements or ideas) to Sahana projects. This serves to protect everyone's
rights and ensures SSF can legally and publicly redistribute Sahana's code. The
purpose of this agreement is to clearly define the terms under which
intellectual property has been contributed to the SSF and thereby allow us to
defend the project should there be a legal dispute regarding the software at
some future time. SSF committees will be responsible for ensuring that all code
contributions come from only those who have signed a CLA before merging code
into the trunk. (So if you don't sign and return a CLA, your code contributions
will not become a part of the main development branch of Sahana nor will it be
included in any releases from the Sahana Software Foundation).

To obtain a copy of the Contributor License Agreement please visit
http://wiki.sahanafoundation.org/doku.php/foundation:start#licenses_and_agreements


DOCUMENTATION
=============
All documentation included with Sahana software and/or included in the Sahana
wiki is subject to a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0
Unported License. For full details refer to
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/

This document last updated: 2010-09-24

